add v2 fork code (#339)
tharsis/evmos: app/upgrades/README.md

# Evmos Upgrade

> - v2 contains code to update the evmhook to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- v2 contains code to update the ERC20 EVM hook to `true`.
```
